
//*********** Floors ************

ifdoom

floor glava1 lava_t
floor wblood1 blood_t
floor WSLIME01 Slime
floor wfwater1 water_t
floor WNUKAGE1 nukage_t
floor RWATER1 water_t
floor RWATER2 water_t
floor RWATER3 water_t
floor RWATER4 redwater_t
floor RWATER5 redwater_t
floor RWATER6 greywater_t
floor RWATER7 greywater_t
floor RWATER8 greywater_t
floor RWATER9 greywater_t
floor bkwater1 greywater_t
floor bkwater2 greywater_t
floor bkwater3 greywater_t
floor bkwater4 greywater_t
floor GRANUKE1 greywater_t
floor GRANUKE2 greywater_t
floor GRANUKE3 greywater_t
floor blblood1 bblood_t
floor blblood2 bblood_t
floor blblood3 bblood_t
floor WETGRASS rain_t
floor WETBRIK rainsolid_t
floor WATER0 rain_t
floor WATER1 rain_t
floor WATER2 rain_t
floor WATER3 rain_t
floor WATER4 rain_t
floor WATER5 rain_t
floor WATER6 rain_t
floor WATER7 rain_t
floor BLDGRAS grassblood_t
floor sand sand_t
floor quiksand quiksand_t
endif

floor fltslud1 blood_t
