// Terrain Defs For GBTW46
// Defs By StrikerMan780

//Splashes
splash 	nukage
{
 smallclass 	NukageSplashBaseSmall
 smallclip		0
 smallsound	slimesmall

 baseclass		sludgesplash
 chunkclass	sludgechunk
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	6
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		slime
 NoAlert
}

splash Slime
{
	smallclass		SlimeSplash
	smallclip		6
	smallsound		slimesmall

	baseclass		SlimeSplash
	chunkclass		SlimeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			slime
	NoAlert
}

splash 	water
{
 smallclass 	watersplashbasesmall
 smallclip		3
 smallsound	watersmall

 baseclass		watersplashbase
 chunkclass	watersplash
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	8
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		water
 NoAlert
}

splash 	greywater
{
 smallclass 	GreyWaterSplashBaseSmall
 smallclip		3
 smallsound	watersmall

 baseclass		GreyWaterSplashBase
 chunkclass	GreyWaterSplash
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	8
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		water
 NoAlert
}

splash redwater
{
 smallclass 	bloodsplashbasesmall
 smallclip		3
 smallsound	bloodsmall

 baseclass		bloodsplashbase
 chunkclass	bloodsplash
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	8
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		water
 NoAlert
}

splash 	blood
{
 smallclass 	bloodsplashbasesmall
 smallclip		4
 smallsound	bloodsmall

 baseclass		bloodsplashbase
 chunkclass	bloodsplash
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	8
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		blood
 NoAlert
}

splash 	blueblood
{
 smallclass 	watersplashbasesmall
 smallclip		4
 smallsound	bloodsmall

 baseclass		watersplashbase
 chunkclass	watersplash
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	8
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		blood
 NoAlert
}

splash 	lava
{
 smallclass 	lavasplash
 smallclip		5
 smallsound	burnsmall

 baseclass		lavasplash
 chunkclass	lavasmoke
 chunkxvelshift	-1
 chunkyvelshift	-1
 chunkzvelshift	2
 chunkbasezvel	1
 sound		burn
 NoAlert
}

splash 	rainwater
{
 smallclass 	RainWaterSplashBaseSmall
 smallclip		4
 smallsound	watersmall

 baseclass		RainWaterSplashBase
 chunkclass	RainWaterSplash
 chunkxvelshift	10
 chunkyvelshift	10
 chunkzvelshift	10
 chunkbasezvel	8
 sound		rainsplash
 NoAlert
}

splash 	sand
{
 smallclass 	SandPuff
 smallclip		0
 smallsound		Sand

 baseclass		SandCloud
 sound		Sand
 NoAlert
}

splash 	quiksand
{
 sound		WaterSmall
}

//*************************************Terrain

terrain	 nukage_t
{
 splash 	nukage
 footclip	 10
 liquid
}

terrain	water_t
{
 splash 	water
 footclip	 8
 liquid
}

terrain	redwater_t
{
 splash 	redwater
 footclip	 8
 liquid
}

terrain greywater_t
{
 splash		greywater
 footclip	8
 liquid
}

terrain	lava_t
{
 splash 	lava
 footclip	 4
}

terrain	blood_t
{
 footclip	 12
 liquid
 splash 	blood
}

terrain	bblood_t
{
 footclip	 12
 liquid
 splash 	blueblood
}

terrain Slime
{
 footclip	 6
 liquid
 splash Slime
}

terrain	rain_t
{
 splash 	rainwater
 footclip	 1
}

terrain	rainsolid_t
{
 splash 	rainwater
 footclip	 0
}

terrain	grassblood_t
{
 footclip	 1
 splash 	blood
}

terrain	sand_t
{
 footclip	 1
 splash 	sand
}

terrain	quiksand_t
{
 footclip	 18
 liquid
 splash 	quiksand
}

terrain Ice
{
	// A friction > 1 is actually less friction
	friction 1.70824008138

	// Ice doesn't actually do any damage. This is just so that things
	// that freeze to death take longer to melt on this terrain.
	damagetype ice
}

//*********** Floors ************

ifdoom

floor NUKAGE1 nukage_t
floor NUKAGE2 nukage_t
floor NUKAGE3 nukage_t
floor fwater1 water_t
floor fwater2 water_t
floor fwater3 water_t
floor fwater4 water_t
floor bwater1 nukage_t
floor bwater2 nukage_t
floor bwater3 nukage_t
floor bwater4 nukage_t
floor lava1 lava_t
floor lava2 lava_t
floor lava3 lava_t
floor lava4 lava_t
floor lava5 lava_t
floor lava6 lava_t
floor glava1 lava_t
floor glava2 lava_t
floor glava3 lava_t
floor glava4 lava_t
floor glava5 lava_t
floor glava6 lava_t
floor nlava1 lava_t
floor blood1 blood_t
floor blood2 blood_t
floor blood3 blood_t
floor wblood1 blood_t
floor SLIME01 Slime
floor SLIME02 Slime
floor SLIME03 Slime
floor SLIME04 Slime
floor SLIME05 Slime
floor SLIME06 Slime
floor SLIME07 Slime
floor SLIME08 Slime
floor WSLIME01 Slime
floor wfwater1 water_t
floor WNUKAGE1 nukage_t
floor RWATER1 water_t
floor RWATER2 water_t
floor RWATER3 water_t
floor RWATER4 redwater_t
floor RWATER5 redwater_t
floor RWATER6 greywater_t
floor RWATER7 greywater_t
floor RWATER8 greywater_t
floor RWATER9 greywater_t
floor bkwater1 greywater_t
floor bkwater2 greywater_t
floor bkwater3 greywater_t
floor bkwater4 greywater_t
floor GRANUKE1 greywater_t
floor GRANUKE2 greywater_t
floor GRANUKE3 greywater_t
floor blblood1 bblood_t
floor blblood2 bblood_t
floor blblood3 bblood_t
floor WETGRASS rain_t
floor WETBRIK rainsolid_t
floor WATER0 rain_t
floor WATER1 rain_t
floor WATER2 rain_t
floor WATER3 rain_t
floor WATER4 rain_t
floor WATER5 rain_t
floor WATER6 rain_t
floor WATER7 rain_t
floor BLDGRAS grassblood_t
floor sand sand_t
floor quiksand quiksand_t
endif

floor fltslud1 blood_t
